
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="dm300_mob_-_code_references">DM300 Mob - Code References</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;DM300 Mob - Code References&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;dm300_mob_-_code_references&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-43&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="java_classes">Java Classes</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon/blob/master/RemixedDungeon/src/main/java/com/watabou/pixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DM300.java" class="urlextern" title="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon/blob/master/RemixedDungeon/src/main/java/com/watabou/pixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DM300.java">DM300.java</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Java Classes&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;java_classes&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;44-218&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="json_configuration">JSON Configuration</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
This entity is implemented in Java, no JSON configuration exists
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;JSON Configuration&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;json_configuration&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;219-315&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="string_resources">String Resources</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<code>&lt;code xml&gt;</code>
&lt;string name=“DM300_Name”&gt;DM-300&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Desc”&gt;This is a a real piece of modern art: a giant mechanical walker with a rocket launcher for a left arm and a roll of barbed wire for a right arm. Who built this thing? Why? How? These questions will probably remain unanswered, as the DM-300 is too dangerous to approach and too important to destroy.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Info”&gt;This is a a real piece of modern art: a giant mechanical walker with a rocket launcher for a left arm and a roll of barbed wire for a right arm. Who built this thing? Why? How? These questions will probably remain unanswered, as the DM-300 is too dangerous to approach and too important to destroy.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Sleeping”&gt;The %s is sleeping.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Woken”&gt;The %s wakens and rages!&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Rage”&gt;The %s rages!&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Pyro”&gt;PYROCLASTIC EXPULSION&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Defense”&gt;It\&#039;s armor plating is too thick!&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Defense2”&gt;It\&#039;s armor plating is too thick! (%d damage)&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_Defense3”&gt;It\&#039;s armor plating is too thick! (%d-%d damage)&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“DM300_PyroInfo”&gt;DM-300 uses pyroclastic expulsions as an attack and to repair itself.&lt;/string&gt;
<code>&lt;/code&gt;</code>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;String Resources&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;string_resources&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;316-1662&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="lua_scripts">Lua Scripts</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
This entity is implemented in Java, no Lua script exists
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Lua Scripts&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;lua_scripts&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1663-&quot;} -->