
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="rotten_food">Rotten Food</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
In Remixed Pixel Dungeon, food can rot if it comes into contact with toxic gas, so don&#039;t use your <a href="https://wiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:ration" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:ration" data-wiki-id="rpd:ration">Ration</a> for trap disarming. A rotten pie can drop from mimics that are disguised as one.
</p>

<p>
Food does not become rotten if it stays in your inventory for too long. Also, rotten food satisfies hunger much less than the fresh counterparts. It is not recommended to eat such food (It still can be eaten though) but you can  thrown it at an enemy with a chance that a random gas effect will occur.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Rotten Food&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;rotten_food&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-528&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="description">Description</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The ball of corpse dust doesn&#039;t differ outwardly from a regular dust ball. However, you know somehow that it&#039;s better to get rid of it as soon as possible. Maybe because just holding it makes you feel anxious and angry.
</p>

<p>
By throwing a piece of rotten food, the following effects can occur:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A cloud of toxic gas will appear (25% chance)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A cloud of paralyzing gas will appear (25% chance)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A cloud of confusing gas will appear (25% chance)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Nothing will happen (25% chance)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Description&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;description&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;529-1038&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="effects_when_consumed">Effects When Consumed</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
When eaten, Rotten Food has a chance to release harmful gases around the consumer:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Confusion Gas:</strong> A cloud that can disorient enemies and the player</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Paralytic Gas:</strong> A gas that can paralyze creatures temporarily</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Toxic Gas:</strong> Harmful gas that causes periodic damage</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>No Effect:</strong> Sometimes has no immediate effect</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Effects When Consumed&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;effects_when_consumed&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1039-1409&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="throwing_effects">Throwing Effects</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
When thrown, Rotten Food may trigger one of the gas effects on the target cell or may fall normally if the molder function fails.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Throwing Effects&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;throwing_effects&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1410-1567&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="special_properties">Special Properties</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provides moderate hunger satisfaction (energy = (Hunger.STARVING - Hunger.HUNGRY)/2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Can be purified into regular food in some cases</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> May drop from defeated enemies or be found in the dungeon</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Wise adventurers can restore rotten food to its initial state by pouring a potion of purification on it. This potion can also be used when throwing a rotten piece of food, since it blocks the effects of all gases.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Special Properties&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;special_properties&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1568-2015&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="notes">Notes</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Rotten Food is generally dangerous to consume, but can be strategically thrown at enemies to potentially release harmful gases.
</p>
<div class="tags"><span>
	<a href="https://wiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=tag:rpd&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=rpd" class="wikilink1" title="tag:rpd" rel="tag">rpd</a>,
	<a href="https://wiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=tag:items&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=items" class="wikilink1" title="tag:items" rel="tag">items</a>
</span></div>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Notes&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;notes&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2016-&quot;} -->