
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="moistening">Moistening</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
In Remixed Pixel Dungeon you can use potions to moist some of the items. It can sometimes lead to surprising effects.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Moistening&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;moistening&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-144&quot;} -->
<h1 class="sectionedit2" id="common_effects">Common effects</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Potion of Levitation causes the moisted item to fly away.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Potion of Puryfication returns <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:rotten_food" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:rotten_food" data-wiki-id="rpd:rotten_food">Rotten Food</a> to it&#039;s normal state.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Potion of Invinsibilty can remove all the magical effects of a scroll, making it a <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:blank_scroll" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:blank_scroll" data-wiki-id="rpd:blank_scroll">Blank Scroll</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Common effects&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;common_effects&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;145-447&quot;} -->
<h1 class="sectionedit3" id="moistening_arrows">Moistening arrows</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Arrows in the game can be moisted, which will change how they affect enemies. Up to 10 arrows can be moisted with one potion.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Potion of Toxic Gas will make the arrows poisonous. Such arrows beyond normal damage also poison the enemy upon hit.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Potion of Liquid Flame can turn your arrow into a fiery arrow, which upon contact sets the enemy on fire and also sets on fire some of the cells.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If the arrow has been greased into a Potion of Frost, it will slow down the enemy upon hit.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An arrow moistened with a Potion of Paralytic Gas will cause the arrow to paralyze the target for some time.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> When applying a Potion of Levitation, you can lose up to 10 arrows ( “Item Arrow: 9 escaped from your hands and flew away”)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="tags"><span>
	<a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=tag:rpd&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=rpd" class="wikilink1" title="tag:rpd" rel="tag">rpd</a>
</span></div>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Moistening arrows&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;moistening_arrows&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;448-&quot;} -->