
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="tips_and_tricks_for_new_players">Tips and Tricks for New Players</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
This page contains essential tips for new players starting their journey in Remixed Dungeon.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Tips and Tricks for New Players&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;tips_and_tricks_for_new_players&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-141&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="early_game_strategy">Early Game Strategy</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Conserve Resources</strong>: Potions, scrolls, and other consumables are rare in the early game. Use them wisely, especially healing potions during minor fights.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Identify Important Items</strong>: Use scrolls of Identify on important equipment or items with unknown effects rather than on basic weapons/armor.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Explore Thoroughly</strong>: Search each level completely before moving on. Look for hidden rooms and secret doors (search near walls).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Manage Hunger</strong>: Keep an eye on your hunger status. Food becomes increasingly important as you descend deeper.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Read Scroll Effects</strong>: Most scrolls have utility functions. For example, Magic Mapping reveals the entire level layout.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Early Game Strategy&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;early_game_strategy&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;142-858&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="combat_tips">Combat Tips</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Retreat When Needed</strong>: Don&#039;t be afraid to run from difficult enemies. You can always come back later when you&#039;re stronger.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Use Terrain</strong>: Corridors can help you fight enemies one at a time. Doorways can be used to rest between battles while blocking enemy movement.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Understand Enemy Stats</strong>: Pay attention to enemy attack ratings vs. your defense. If you take too much damage, consider using food to heal or retreating.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Close Range</strong>: Melee heroes should try to attack from close range for maximum effectiveness.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Combat Tips&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;combat_tips&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;859-1418&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="item_management">Item Management</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Enchanting Weapons</strong>: Enchanted weapons provide special effects (like Shock for lightning damage or Lucky for critical hits). Identify them to see the benefit.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Armor Glyphs</strong>: Similar to weapons, armor can have glyphs that provide special effects. Some glyphs are defensive, others offensive.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Strength Requirements</strong>: Equipment has strength requirements. Don&#039;t over-encumber yourself with things you can&#039;t properly use.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Quickslots</strong>: Use quickslots for frequently used items. You can assign items to quickslots by dragging them there in the inventory screen.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Item Management&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;item_management&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1419-2028&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="level-specific_tips">Level-Specific Tips</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Sewers (Levels 1-5)</strong>: Focus on upgrading equipment. The Goo fight requires careful positioning and timing.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Prison (Levels 6-10)</strong>: Be wary of cursed items. The Tengu fight is unique - pay attention to its special mechanics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Caves (Levels 11-15)</strong>: Watch out for explosions from burning gas. The DM-300 fight is a chase sequence.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>City (Levels 16-20)</strong>: Be aware of various NPC types. The King fight involves additional summoned undead.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Halls (Levels 21-25)</strong>: High-level enemies here are very dangerous. Prepare thoroughly before descending.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Level-Specific Tips&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;level-specific_tips&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2029-2631&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="hero_class_considerations">Hero Class Considerations</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Warrior</strong>: Starts with a unique short sword that can be transferred to other classes. Has a small strength advantage.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Mage</strong>: The starter wand of magic missile is very effective if upgraded. The wand can be recharged by gaining levels.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Rogue</strong>: Has perfect information about the effects of food and potions. Can detect secrets and traps passively.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Huntress</strong>: Her boomerang has infinite uses but low damage early on. She has extra health points.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Hero Class Considerations&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;hero_class_considerations&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2632-3138&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="health_and_safety">Health and Safety</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Rest Between Fights</strong>: Use doorways to block enemies while resting to recover health.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Health Potions</strong>: Don&#039;t waste healing potions on small amounts of damage. Save them for significant hits.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Poison and Bleeding</strong>: These status effects are dangerous. Identify and use neutralizing potions when affected.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Avoid Chokepoints</strong>: Be careful not to trap yourself in positions where you can&#039;t escape dangerous situations.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Health and Safety&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;health_and_safety&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:7,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3139-3606&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="advanced_tips">Advanced Tips</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Enchantments and Glyphs</strong>: As you progress, aim for beneficial combinations like Sharp/Unstable weapons with Lucky enchantment, or armor with Entanglement glyph for mobility.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Talents</strong>: Starting with Hero class level 10, you can choose talents that modify your hero&#039;s performance in various ways.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Quickslots</strong>: Efficient use of quickslots can mean the difference between victory and defeat.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Advanced Tips&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;advanced_tips&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:8,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3607-4040&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit9" id="see_also">See Also</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:mechanics" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:mechanics" data-wiki-id="rpd:mechanics">Game Mechanics</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:items" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:items" data-wiki-id="rpd:items">Items</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:combat" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:combat" data-wiki-id="rpd:combat">Combat</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:hero" class="wikilink2" title="rpd:hero" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="rpd:hero">Hero Classes</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:bee_mob" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:bee_mob" data-wiki-id="rpd:bee_mob">Bee Mob</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="tags"><span>
	<a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=%3Arpd" class="wikilink1" title="rpd" rel="tag">rpd</a>,
	<a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=tag:tips&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=tips" class="wikilink1" title="tag:tips" rel="tag">tips</a>,
	<a href="http://ruwiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=tag:starter&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=starter" class="wikilink1" title="tag:starter" rel="tag">starter</a>
</span></div>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;See Also&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;see_also&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:9,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;4041-&quot;} -->