
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="remixed_pixel_dungeon_changelog">Remixed Pixel Dungeon Changelog</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Remixed Dungeon <a href="https://app.bitrise.io/app/e26fee6867be46dc/build/a7d7ffa3-b3ef-4ff1-845c-9e035c8dba42/artifact/3be518ac2a930eb4/p/091f69bd851935abb6873ec1dd8fbe3a" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/app/e26fee6867be46dc/build/a7d7ffa3-b3ef-4ff1-845c-9e035c8dba42/artifact/3be518ac2a930eb4/p/091f69bd851935abb6873ec1dd8fbe3a">31.1.fix.22</a> is out!
</p>

<p>
Gameplay:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Customizations (known before as Challenges yet include Facilitations too now)!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Spider kind!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Psi-Spider now will buff other spiders instead of debuffing Hero.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Gfx:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Spiders sprites</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Customizations now have icons</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pseudo3d dungeon view complete for main game (but not for mods)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Translations:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improved Greek (by Aeonius), Portuguese (by MCdanielkiller) and French (by Corvus06) Translations</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Modding:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mods now able to run scripts on InterlevelScene phase</div>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Better errors reporting:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Merged Java &amp; Lua stacktrace in report</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> More details about Lua state (thanks to excellent StackTracePlus library)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mods now able to assign pseudo3d tile set to level using tiles_xyz level attribute</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lot of other stuff</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Misc:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lot of bugfix and optimizations</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Remixed Dungeon available to download from Google Play: <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nyrds.pixeldungeon.ml" class="urlextern" title="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nyrds.pixeldungeon.ml">Google Play</a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/72530866/p/ddcf5e822c1fd394fde308b55a46fa89" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/72530866/p/ddcf5e822c1fd394fde308b55a46fa89">remix.30.0.fix.6</a>
</p>

<p>
 * Gameplay:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Abilities for everyone!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Inn is opened now!</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 * Bugs fixed
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/61791286/p/a36bce8b9b8a3fef84d913a136bebddb" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/61791286/p/a36bce8b9b8a3fef84d913a136bebddb">remix.29.6.fix.5</a>
</p>

<p>
 * Gameplay:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Additional actions to perform on mobs!</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 * Modding:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Item actors!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Special weapon properties!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> More uncategorized stuff!</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 * Bugs fixed
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/50752492/p/5f1f54d6636ed95e05bc43f26e12f195" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/50752492/p/5f1f54d6636ed95e05bc43f26e12f195">29.5.fix.5</a>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Gameplay:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Rogue abilities!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Modding:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Custom Armor!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/39437547/p/5556117e9120fded5b4ca4579b1178b7" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/39437547/p/5556117e9120fded5b4ca4579b1178b7">29.4.fix.8</a>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Gameplay:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Dual Wielding!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Modding:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Custom Weapons!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/32440359/p/92853406d8ad41db8c98912829eb9ade" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/32440359/p/92853406d8ad41db8c98912829eb9ade">29.3.fix.43</a>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Game Mechanics:</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town renovation!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Warrior special abilities!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Heroes hunger reduced</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necromancer Possess spell</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rogue Cloak ability</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Badges</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Shields!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> New challenges:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Forbidden Runes</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Pacifism</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Modding:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Custom scriptable Buffs</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Custom gfx</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Moddable item spawn rate</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Custom Artifacts</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Custom Shields!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Translations:</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hungarian translation added</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/13941542/p/60cc96a076a42d85a2fae4ccf7b7aab0" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/13941542/p/60cc96a076a42d85a2fae4ccf7b7aab0">remix.28.5.fix.3.2</a>
</p>

<p>
Modding:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Moddable AI for Mobs and NPCs</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Town:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Church now open to believers</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town shop was renovated</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Game Mechanics:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Trade UI improved</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Portals can be used multiple times</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/10635831/p/67be9c1ad4255f5765c27d7fe76cdfbb" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/10635831/p/67be9c1ad4255f5765c27d7fe76cdfbb">remix.28.4.fix.3.4</a>
</p>

<p>
Hero weapons now visible in game!
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/8127028/p/d4d06ff52eeceaa6c9b92cecd3e2df86" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/8127028/p/d4d06ff52eeceaa6c9b92cecd3e2df86">remix.28.3.fix.18</a>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/8127031/p/a71b27630bf31f6635888858e51c12cd" class="urlextern" title="https://app.bitrise.io/artifact/8127031/p/a71b27630bf31f6635888858e51c12cd">remix.retro.28.3.fix.18</a>
</p>

<p>
New Necromancer abilities:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dark Sacrifice</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Exhumation</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Raise Dead</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fried, Frozen, Rotten and Raw Fish</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Modding:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Moddable Spells</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Moddable Items</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://www.bitrise.io/artifact/6044669/p/a529236e7a7865b1e1b126a4417707ce" class="urlextern" title="https://www.bitrise.io/artifact/6044669/p/a529236e7a7865b1e1b126a4417707ce">remix.28.2</a>
</p>

<p>
Gui refactoring: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Quickslots quantity limited only by screen width </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spells and abilities can be placed in quickslots </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Handedness option </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Gameplay stuff:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Move time limit now persist in game state </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Realtime!(still very experimental) mode now available and persistent per game session</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://www.bitrise.io/artifact/5398591/p/f847c232b3046921cab7bae1448f29e2" class="urlextern" title="https://www.bitrise.io/artifact/5398591/p/f847c232b3046921cab7bae1448f29e2">remix.28.1.fix.4</a>:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Big renovation of Town </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lots of gfx improvements and fixes </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New darts and arrows </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now all mobs (except undead) will regenerate </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now strength will provide additional damage bonus for all classes </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fortune Teller now owns a Cat </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Gnoll tomahawk will not break when thrown at a target</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1HFUU4BbXpQbcIutJBLc7RmxqzSMF0mhU" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1HFUU4BbXpQbcIutJBLc7RmxqzSMF0mhU">remix.28.fix.1</a>:
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1DY4NBrmP5NxIh8QCVVBRaZ9zyiQrVNwg" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1DY4NBrmP5NxIh8QCVVBRaZ9zyiQrVNwg">remix.retro.28.fix.1</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Hero - Gnoll</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The damage of magic wands in melee now depends on level of Hero magic skill</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For each Hero, no more than one result will be displayed on the highscores board</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Auto-sync with Google PlayGames is disabled (You can synchronize manually)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A large update of the Brazilian-Portuguese translation</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New hero class options for modding: forbiddenActions, friendlyMobs</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New language added: Malay language</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1hiTC5uJnA4L91MTsDq8bUxtE7jZQfEy0" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1hiTC5uJnA4L91MTsDq8bUxtE7jZQfEy0">remix.27.4.fix.2</a>:
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1b8-E0IxXg8HsYliPVp7yCBkMd6xdg4g9" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1b8-E0IxXg8HsYliPVp7yCBkMd6xdg4g9">remix.retro.27.4.fix.2</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rebranding to Remixed Dungeon </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necrotism - new Necromancer Class Armor ability </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Badge to discover </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Class Armor ability now consume Mana instead of HP </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Chaos items now lose enchantment on degrade </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Psi-Spiders now can cast only Blindness, Slow and Weakness spells</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1RBAfDJFpurpCoTYtv2RJEu2nUPJZQ3V1" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=1RBAfDJFpurpCoTYtv2RJEu2nUPJZQ3V1">remix.27.3.fix.2</a>: (Released to Google Play 22.11.2017)
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=15CwTA8t1mKzBxhhr0pZEuvs9I3iQwxxO" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=15CwTA8t1mKzBxhhr0pZEuvs9I3iQwxxO">remix.retro.27.3.fix.2</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Item: Scroll of Summoning</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dewdrop is no longer has higher priority in loot heap. So if there is an item, lying above the dewdrop, said item will be collected first</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Every single kind of container is now available at the town&#039;s shop</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Goo can no longer drop the Ring of Stone Blood ( this item is only available through modding ), instead, player will be able to receive a random potion</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The “Wing Gust” spell can only move characters, that can be moved (IsMovable)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mobs can no longer spawn on the same spot with level objects</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necromancer&#039;s Robe is no longer set to a quick slot by default</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixing the view distance randomizer</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixing bug that caused boss level to spawn an elemental instead of a boss</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The reward, player gets for watching an ad is now being processed on in-game tap</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Tkw3ZEx6dDNnLTA" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Tkw3ZEx6dDNnLTA">remix.27.2.fix.3</a>: (Released to Google Play 22.10.2017)
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Q0dFeFJDYUtLZWM" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Q0dFeFJDYUtLZWM">remix.retro.27.2.fix.3</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>

<p>
Game: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Introducing spell system</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mage and Necromancer gets natural spell affinities. Those heroes are able to cast unique spells with no need for special items</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Every character now posses a mana bar (including Necromancer)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necromancer is no longer passively restores mana points for killing his enemies. This effect is now applied to a Necromancer robe (+1 mana on kill) and Bone Armor (+2 mana on kill), instead of summoning ability those items previously possessed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New hero attribute: Magic Level. The higher the Magic Level the more natural spells are unlocked for your hero and more powerful those spells might get</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item: Mana Potion</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item Tome of Knowledge.  An item that increases your Magic Level by 1</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item Spell Book.  This equipable item will allow you to cast a single spell on cost of mana and unlike the scrolls, this item will not expire no matter how much you use it</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Class Armor is no longer requires health to cast it&#039;s special ability, it costs 1/3 of your maximum amount of mana instead</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The “Wand of Magic Missiles” are no longer lootable from Crystals</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> From this point on, every level will have their “view distance” set randomly, so that player can encounter “dark” levels at every point of the game</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Torches are now available at beginning and can be commonly found throughout the game</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The “safe” (isSafe) levels are unaffected and will be always lit to a maximum extend</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Damage from burning is scales with dungeon depth now</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Vanity Items: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Hat: Chaos Helmet </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Mods: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> You can now add new attributes to your “iniHeroes” file: “maxSP” - sets a maximum amount of mana, that your character can posses. “startingSp” sets starting amount of mana for your character</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hero initialization also takes the “magicAffinity” attribute, which can be set to: “Elemental”, “Necromancy” or “Common” (“Common” means, that character can only use spells from the spell books)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New game object in mods – Trap. Unlike regular in-game trap, this object can be adjusted in several ways. You can set: the number of activations (uses), the target cell on which the trap&#039;s effect should trigger(target), and whatever you can or cannot active the trap by throwing item at it (activatedByItem) </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7ZVJMQjJxRzdEczA" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7ZVJMQjJxRzdEczA">remix.27.1.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 10.08.2017)
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7QUJiUDRkVUxWeVE" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7QUJiUDRkVUxWeVE">remix.retro.27.1.fix.1</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Introducing Portal system</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> After defeating one of main bosses you will encounter portal room. Portal will take you back to town. Those gates can only be used once</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Portal gate that&#039;s located in Town itself will always take you back to last used portal, if you did used it</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> After defeating a boss of the secondary dungeon you can use skeleton key to open exit that leads to the first level of said dungeon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Goo can no longer drop Lloyd&#039;s Beacon. This item is only available through mods </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed summoning trap bug, that was causing Shades to be spawned on floor tiles </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed “pet” statue bug, that flooded game log with unnecessary information</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7QnUzVXhtSUFtNEk" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7QnUzVXhtSUFtNEk">remix.27</a>: (Released to Google Play 26.06.2017)
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7VmJmRVV1WENFTW8" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7VmJmRVV1WENFTW8">remix.retro.27</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Game now uses following Google Play Games services: Achievements, Leaderboards and Cloud Saves</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Size of all containers has been increased, now it matches that of a main backpack</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necromancer hero class is now available for every player from the very start</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Potions can now be upgraded with Scrolls of Upgrade. The upgraded and degraded potions can also be found in loot</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed chaos crystal issue that would deplete whole stack of empty scrolls when “fused” instead of 1</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug that made Goo unable to attack hero at certain distance after using “pump attack”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Increased maxLevel attribute for Fetid Rat and various bosses (So that unusually high level characters would still get loot from those characters)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New attribute for levels and mobs in player-created mods: “viewDistance” (Sets view distance in range of 1-8)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7S1hVSWt6Qm9CVGM" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7S1hVSWt6Qm9CVGM">remix.26.6.fix.2</a>: (Released to Google Play 10.06.2017)
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7NGlCTXZ3MXpKTzg" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7NGlCTXZ3MXpKTzg">remix.retro.26.6.fix.2</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New unique item: Wand of Shadowbolt</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Crystal spawned by Shadow Lord now uses Wand of Shadowbolt instead of regular ranged attack. Loot chance for said wand is 25%</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed ranged attack issues for: Air Elemental, Crystal, Burning Fist, Psi-Spider and Amber Spider</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mage Armor (version for Warlock: WarlockArmor) and Candy are now available in mods</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7SEJGaFVBVXVXams" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7SEJGaFVBVXVXams">remix.26.5.fix.6</a>: (Released to Google Play 23.05.2017)
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7akQ4S1RLOFlEeFU" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7akQ4S1RLOFlEeFU">remix.retro.26.5.fix.6</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated “new” font appearance</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Items can no longer land on a position occupied by NPC or by item that is for sale</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Library has opened and now will contain info about items and mobs that you encounter during your adventures</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Elf now starts with unique Elven Dagger, that requires 9 strength</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> When a hero is about to step on visible trap a warning dialog window will appear asking to confirm this action</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Blinded hero won&#039;t get the warning message, when is about to step on a visible trap or into the pit, “blindly stepping forward”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Undead mobs are no longer affected by confusing gas</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Testing option that allows to limit time that hero gets to make his turn</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updating translations</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Scroll of Domination got a visual effect to more clearly indicate that it has been used</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug that was causing hero to take fall damage multiple times if game was minimized right after the fall</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now you can create custom mobs for your mods.  <a href="https://github.com/NYRDS/pixel-dungeon-remix/blob/CustomMob/PixelDungeon/src/main/assets/mobsDesc/BlackRat.json" class="urlextern" title="https://github.com/NYRDS/pixel-dungeon-remix/blob/CustomMob/PixelDungeon/src/main/assets/mobsDesc/BlackRat.json">Example can be found here</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Custom mob mechanics also allows to create mob with ranged attack</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Adding modding atributes: canBePet, wallWalker and absoluteWalker for custom mobs</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Modding now supports custom “defense” messages for mob, ex. “Blocked”, “Parried”</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7eEQ5eHhyOVZrenM" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7eEQ5eHhyOVZrenM">remix.26.4.fix.3</a>: (Released to Google Play 16.04.2017)
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7LWJOSHJteGRYdGs" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7LWJOSHJteGRYdGs">remix.retro.26.4.fix.3</a>: (For older devices (Android 2.3+))
</p>

<p>
Game:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spirit of Pain losses health on every turn</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On Yog&#039;s death every mob on level also dies, including those controlled by the hero</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Yog spawns 2 mini-bosses on easy and medium difficulties («Expert» difficulty still makes him summon 3 of those)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Upgrade level of wands used by the Crystals (including those spawned by Shadow Lord) are no longer equals to the dungeon depth on which Crystal was spawned, but a half that amount</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mechanics behind Shadow Lord&#039;s ability «summon Wraith» was slightly optimized</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hero will start with 100 gold coins instead of 200</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Starting gear once again include Ration</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now, if hero dies on difficulty level that allows save states and if there is saved game available, instead of a menu the «Load saved game» screen will appear</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New NPC in Town: a Fortune-teller, she is willing to identify your items, for a symbolic payment</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> While hero stays in town he\she will no longer accumulate hunger</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Health regeneration and «rest until healthy» feature disabled in town</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Watch limit in Movie Theater now based on hero level, for every new level you will be able to watch 1 more video</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necromancer&#039;s robe is no longer checks for hero health in order to perform summoning</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The «You can wear only 2 rings at a time!» message is now mentions «artifacts»</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necromancer gets clearer log entry once summoning limit is reached</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rat Armor was slightly buffed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Upgrading a wand will restore it&#039;s charges</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug which would break the Town layout in older save files</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug which mixed texts from different mods</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Mods:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> CagedKobold added to MobFactory and now available in custom levels</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On dungeon levels tagged as «isSafe» hero will no longer accumulate hunger, and no longer regenerate health or be able to «rest until healthy»</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Approved mods can change «banners» image file</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wands got «charges» and «maxCharges» attributes</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New attribute for dungeon levels: «isStatic». Level tagged with it will re-generate every time hero enters it (Level remains «static», despite things that hero could have done previously)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Adding additional step of hero&#039;s starting gear initialization: «non_expert». Items, included on this step, will be added to the inventory in every difficulty level, except for «Expert» difficulty</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hero are no longer suffers from hunger debuffs, that he would get on «Expert» difficulty, as long as he remains on «isSafe» level</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7ME9uNjN3VUJzN2M" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7ME9uNjN3VUJzN2M">remix.26.3.fix.2</a>: (Released to Google Play 23.03.2017)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town grew bigger\n</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town shop now sells more items\n</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New quest in Town\n</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7blRySU9LTDBzMWM" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7blRySU9LTDBzMWM">remix.26.2.fix.3</a>: (Released to Google Play 12.03.2017)
</p>

<p>
Game
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New building opened in the Town: Movie theatre</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rings can now be kept on keyring</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Keyring can only be bought in the Town</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town shop was updated</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Whenever you sell items to a shopkeeper in the Town, he will place it for sale, if there is shop space available</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Vanity item: Gnoll Costume</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Mods
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Weapons gets «enchantment» attribute</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Armor gets «glyph» attribute</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now in order for game to detect your mod, it must contain version.json file</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Z3d1c1FnbGtjeUE" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Z3d1c1FnbGtjeUE">remix.26.1.fix.5</a>: (Released to Google Play 03.03.2017)
</p>

<p>
Testing method of creating custom maps, guide will soon appear <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:tiled" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:tiled" data-wiki-id="rpd:tiled">here</a>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Game begins in a town</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town gets unique musical theme (by Misaerit)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In order to achieve 100% victory after obtaining amulet of Yendor, you have to reach town exit</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hero&#039;s starting belongings now contains only class-specific gear, each hero also receives 200 gold coins</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town has a shop, where you can obtain starting gear and items</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Town priest will heal and feed your hero for a fee</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Flying mobs can no longer activate traps</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> You can no longer sell a container that contains something</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Undead mobs are immune to poison</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> When skeleton dies he deals damage to 4 adjacent cells (in vertical and horizontal lines), instead of 8</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated font visuals</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Crystals can no longer be moved with telekinesis</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Potion of purity can cure effect of a confusing gas</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mobs created with multiplication can no longer get less than 1 hp on spawn</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixing typos</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixing sprites of Ice Caves</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mods “The Fallen” and “Maze” fully supports English language</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New donation level is now available. By purchasing the “Royal Pixel” you will not only help our project, but you will also unlock every single hat in the game, including every hat that is ever going to be released</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added json config file for custom starting hero gear and stats. ( <a href="https://github.com/NYRDS/pixel-dungeon-remix/blob/mas" class="urlextern" title="https://github.com/NYRDS/pixel-dungeon-remix/blob/mas">https://github.com/NYRDS/pixel-dungeon-remix/blob/mas</a>.. ) Now in a mod you can set up the way your heroes start the game.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7S2VKdWJGRG9xTlU" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7S2VKdWJGRG9xTlU">remix.26.fix.3</a>: (Released to Google Play 31.12.2016)
</p>

<p>
Game:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New food : festive turkey</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Original musical theme for Caves (by Misaerit)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New dungeon type: Ice Caves!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> At this point Ice Caves includes:</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 4 new mobs</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A new Boss</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A new NPC</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Unique Wand of Icebolt</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An artifact: Candle of Visions</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Original musical theme! (by Misaerit)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug that prevented rare spiders from spawning</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Goo became slightly stronger</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Hats:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added Santa Hat!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added Red nose and antlers!</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Mods:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New level type RandomLevel</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bestiary now allows you to adjust not only depth, but a level id as well</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New attribute for RandomLevel and PredesignedLevel: “boss_level”:true</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For multi-kind mobs you can now set desired variation with “var” attribute</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Signs can now use strings_xx.json as a source file for texts, in such way: “text”:“Some_Text”, where “Some_Text” is declared in strings_xx.json</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed issue that made levitation visual effect persist longer than the levitation itself, if hero were to travel between floors</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now all rare mobs are available in mods</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tengu can now be placed on custom levels</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5OEZQWEpsUEdWcWc" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5OEZQWEpsUEdWcWc">remix.25.4.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 05.10.2016) 
</p>

<p>
Game:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Barrels can be pushed by Wand of Telekinesis</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Barrels are less likely to spawn in corridors</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spear, Glaive and Halberd are now belong to “Polearms” archetype, granting player an increased attack distance (previously that was only possible with Spear)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Attack speed of “Polearms” was reduced to balance out increased attack distance</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “Title” screen now says “Remixed Pixel Dungeon”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “About” screen was updated</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Boss fight music now plays only during boss fights for all bosses, except Yog(level 31 has boss fight music on the moment you enter it)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated translation (+new language: Turkish)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Mods:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mods now support custom keys</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Some mobs can now be manually set to a certain power level</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “Albino” mob is available in mods now</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7bWdJcndPQ2tmSDg" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7bWdJcndPQ2tmSDg">remix.25.3.fix.5</a>: (Released to Google Play 28.10.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added new object: Explosive barrels (replaced with pumpkins during Halloween)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added original music for boss levels </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item: Pumpkin pie</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New NPC: Scarecrow</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New vanity items: Zombie mask, Vampire skull and Ushanka hat</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Translation updates</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7R3ZQd1pVaTJ0ZWc" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7R3ZQd1pVaTJ0ZWc">remix.25.2.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 05.10.2016)
</p>

<p>
–New Features–
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now you can resize game Ui manually during game session. This feature is available in “Settings” menu</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
–Fixes–
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug resulting in creating images of your hero, wearing a hat, after clicking “Examine” button in “Hats” menu</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug, that was preventing mobs (summoned or resurrected on a “hole” cell) from falling down</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated translations and fixed some typos</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Ym5oaFU3bmpBQ0U" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Ym5oaFU3bmpBQ0U">remix.25.1.fix.9</a>: (Released to Google Play 17.09.2016)
</p>

<p>
–New Features–
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Hero Class: Necromancer</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now only necromancers will receive xp for kills made by minions</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Necromancer has higher chance to proc Sacrificial Blade</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
–Balance–
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> All monsters in Necropolis has been nerfed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now Yog-Dzewa gets defense buff not only from fists but from other sub-bosses as well</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On Yog&#039;s death all other bosses dies (Previously this affected only fists)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Yog&#039;s Heart has been nerfed. The amount of heal, it provides to other mobs was reduced</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bosses are no longer “Hunting” by default</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Gnoll-Zombie&#039;s chance to “rise from the dead” has been reduced</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pseudo-Rat has been nerfed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Black Skull now requires 10 charges to activate, instead of 15. But death of player&#039;s minions no longer gives it charges</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Treacherous Spirit cannot become player&#039;s minion anymore</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
–Visuals–
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated tile set of Sewers</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
–Fixes–
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed “non-disappearing text” bug</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug that wasn&#039;t allowing Necropolis Boss to damage player properly</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed issue with generation of dungeon level 5</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
–Mods–
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> User created mods can now contain codex items with custom text</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> User created mods now allows to set custom tiles, water and music to a specific level</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MVlsOFpqcE5qNUE" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MVlsOFpqcE5qNUE">remix.25.fix.5</a>: (Released to Google Play 15.08.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.5)Font size adjustments</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.5)Missing items added to modding mode</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.4)Black skull artifact has been nerfed. Now in order to activate the equiped skull player must kill 15 mobs. One activation can rise a single mob to fight on your side </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.4)Lich became stronger</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.4)Runic skulls got more health points</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.4)Necromancer NPC is being removed from the dungeon once player enters Necropolis</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.4)Changed the way dungeon level 5 being generated</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New dungeon type: Necropolis, in order to enter necropolis you have to find Necromancer on level 7, so he can give you skeleton key</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New items: Spider Armor and Black Skull</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Golden sword has become stronger and requires more strength</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Water in Spider Layer is being displayed properly</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Now bone piles can&#039;t contain artifacts and quest items</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pet mechanics have been changed. Various mobs received immunity to mind control effects</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Burning period of Liquid Flame has been shortened, it also will burn less in water</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mind control icon, which appears above the “pet” mobs, has been changed to a heart shape</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated visual of “new font” </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated translations</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Removed options : “immersive mode” and “gui scale”</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7U014b18xSWdQUU0" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7U014b18xSWdQUU0">remix.24.2.fix.7</a>: (Released to Google Play 14.07.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.7)Fixed issue that allowed Shadow Lord to spawn crystals in the rooms where crystal was already destroyed</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.6)Fixed bug that made Spider Queen to drop no loot even if chance was 100%</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.6)Updated translation (Chinese, French and Japanese)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.5)Fixed bug that was causing boss room on level 5 not to generate way down to level 6</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.5)Fixed bug that was causing game to crash on mimic pie&#039;s death if it happens on “chasm” square</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.5)Fixed issue with incorrect calcualting of 100% loot drop chance</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.5)Added Japanese language!</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.4)Fixed issue that caused hidden traps not to trigger properly</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.4)Updated translations (Spanish, Italian and Chinese)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.3)Fixed issue that was resulting in incorrect work  of alchemy pot</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.3)Fixed issue that was resulting in displaying no text if game was freshly installed on devices with system language set to Chinese</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.2)By popular demand, we finally added RatKing_Name_Objective!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.2)Fixed several issues with class armor visuals</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.2)Sewers Boss Level layout has been changed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.2)Updating various translations</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New mob: Golden Statue (rare statue)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item: Golden Sword (can be found as rare loot, or also can be found as loot from golden statue)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New NPC: Necromancer (He&#039;s got exciting news to tell you. Find him at level 7)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Goo has been nerfed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tengu now drops Tome every time. Subclasses can&#039;t use tome to change their specialty</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Shadow Lord encounter slightly changed. Players can&#039;t run past the boss so easily now</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spider Charm gets updated sprite and now drops by a Spider Queen</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Z196ZFhTX01SM3M" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7Z196ZFhTX01SM3M">remix.24.1.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 16.06.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.1) Fixed bug that caused game to crash on Amber Spider attack</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (fix.1) Updated “Pirate Set” sprite</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
-Game-
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added Chinese(zh) translation!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New mob: Armored Statue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New rares: Spider Guard (rare of Spider Soldier) and Amber Spider(rare of Psi-spider)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Players can now delete saved files</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated visuals for Spider Lair</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
-Vanity Items-
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Buying new item automatically equips item</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item “Pirate Set”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated visuals for Neko Ears and Rabbit Ears</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7ajZJUG5xUTQxeFk" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BxDa1ket-nz7ajZJUG5xUTQxeFk">remix.24.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 07.06.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We got Hats now! (Vanity items)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Various bug fixes</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improved translations (Italian, German, Spanish)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5NUJWSzNUS1kwajg" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5NUJWSzNUS1kwajg">remix.23.2.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 23.05.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added tier 6 armor and weapon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added crossbows</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added Chaos Armor</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MS03MjFHZkZKVTA" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MS03MjFHZkZKVTA">remix.23.1.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 09.05.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There is new shop, NPC and quest on level 27</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New monster for Demon Nest (27-31)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> All monsters and bosses on levels 27-32 and they&#039;re abilities became stronger</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updated boss badges</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Several minor visual upgrades</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Various bug fixes</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added partial Italian translation ( Thanks to Seb47TV)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added partial German translation ( Thanks to all who takes participation! )</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5YkMtdk1FQ256Z0U" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5YkMtdk1FQ256Z0U">remix.23.fix.2</a>: (Released to Google Play 11.04.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dungeon is 32 levels deep (instead of 26)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Level 25 now features a new boss “Shadow Lord”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We created and still updating a whole new setting “Demonic Nest” which lies throughout levels 27-31. Needless to say that this setting features new monsters and soon going to get it&#039;s own NPC</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The last boss, not just moved deeper in his domain, but got 3 new mini-bosses to spawn, so now Yog-Dzewa can chose from a total of 5 bosses to aid him. And he will actually spawn not 2 but 3 of them for the fight</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improved Korean l10n (Thanks to flameblast12)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improved Spanish l10n (Thanks to Alesxanderk)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5d3FZcjY4U0NJclk" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5d3FZcjY4U0NJclk">remix.22.fix.6</a>: (Released to Google Play 20.03.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New hidden boss</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5UHluUElha05aZU0" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5UHluUElha05aZU0">remix.21.5.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 21.02.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New properties for old items</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:pd_mini" class="wikilink2" title="rpd:pd_mini" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="rpd:pd_mini">PD mini</a> (still under construction) mod updated</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Violet fireballs on main screen!</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5cGZuSnBBOWhrbjQ" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5cGZuSnBBOWhrbjQ">remix.21.4.fix.6</a>: (Released to Google Play 07.02.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:sacrificial_sword" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:sacrificial_sword" data-wiki-id="rpd:sacrificial_sword">sacrificial sword</a> - new rare weapon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> auto-targeting feature</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Android 6.0 runtime permissions</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lazy sound loading</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5Y3RxQjBhLVRpa1k" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5Y3RxQjBhLVRpa1k">remix.21.3.fix.6</a>: ( Released to Google Play 02.01.2016)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Highscore table improved</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ACRA integrated</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:pd_mini" class="wikilink2" title="rpd:pd_mini" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="rpd:pd_mini">PD mini</a> (still under construction) mod available to download </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improved Sewers graphics (Thanks to Dmitriy Denisov)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Brazilian Portuguese l10n updated (Thanks to Rodrigo Pan)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spanish l10n updated (Thanks to AndresNobody)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MFBEQlloaHRTUEU" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MFBEQlloaHRTUEU">remix.21.2.fix.4</a>: (Released to Google Play 10.12.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to choose game mods (just reskins for now) ( Usable only by experienced modders)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Korean l10n updated ( Thanks to Highseeker )</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5OWVQOWpyX1ZLem8" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5OWVQOWpyX1ZLem8">remix.21.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 16.11.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Easy mode</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expert mode</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5eC0tamJhRm9hcTg" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5eC0tamJhRm9hcTg">remix.21.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 13.11.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bug fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5bFh5RzdwYkY5ZXM" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5bFh5RzdwYkY5ZXM">remix.21</a>: (Released to Google Play 8.11.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:chaos_crystal" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:chaos_crystal" data-wiki-id="rpd:chaos_crystal">Chaos Crystal</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:chaos_sword" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:chaos_sword" data-wiki-id="rpd:chaos_sword">Chaos Sword</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:chaos_staff" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:chaos_staff" data-wiki-id="rpd:chaos_staff">Chaos Staff</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:chaos_bow" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:chaos_bow" data-wiki-id="rpd:chaos_bow">Chaos Bow</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Liquid Flame now really liquid.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bow enchantment now used on arrow hit.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5UEQ5dUNCdTZmRHM" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5UEQ5dUNCdTZmRHM">remix.20.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 4.11.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:scroll_of_domination" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:scroll_of_domination" data-wiki-id="rpd:scroll_of_domination">Scroll of Domination</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:scroll_of_curse" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:scroll_of_curse" data-wiki-id="rpd:scroll_of_curse">Scroll of Curse</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5dG9VczExTml2SzA" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5dG9VczExTml2SzA">remix.20.fix.5</a>: (Released to Google Play 24.10.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Save &amp; Load function</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lot of bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MUx1aGJ4Q3ZWM1U" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5MUx1aGJ4Q3ZWM1U">remix.19.2</a>: (Released to Google Play 04.10.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> new <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:kusarigama" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:kusarigama" data-wiki-id="rpd:kusarigama">rare weapon</a> with special ability</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> new very rare mob</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> spear range buffed to 2</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> melee with arrow equipped nerfed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bugs fixed ( including fatal bug with pt_BR )</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5VlRtUTQ2LTE1cW8" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&amp;id=0BwnPOWI27up5VlRtUTQ2LTE1cW8">remix.19.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 14.09.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> text rendering subsystem rewrite</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Korean (created by community) l10n</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Brazilian Portuguese (created by community) l10n</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bugs fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BwnPOWI27up5emlEdmNwOGxTdVE/view?usp=sharing" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BwnPOWI27up5emlEdmNwOGxTdVE/view?usp=sharing">remix.19.0.fix.1</a>: (Released to Google Play 21.08.2015)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spiders!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spider levels</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spider Queen</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.18.4:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sprites fixes</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> l10n fixes: Ru, Es, Fr</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Balance tuning</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.18.3
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Some monsters a bit smarter now</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> en, es and ru localization fixes</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> various bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.18.2
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New sprite for Air elemental </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.18.1
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Elemental&#039;s balance tuning</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.18
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spanish translation updated</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Elemental&#039;s</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rogue subclasses sprites</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Elf subclasses sprites</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.17
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spanish translation ( by community, check about section for credits )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> one new property for one potion</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> various bugs fixed </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.16
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> new mage subclasses sprites</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> little surprise ;)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.15.1:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> disable accidentally enabled modding mode</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.15:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> one more arrow type</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> quiver</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> greatly improver Polish l18n ( thanks to Daedron )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added missing file to French l18n</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.14:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> elves - now complete class</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> new sprites for gladiator and berserk</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> moistening logic fix</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> lots if bug fixed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> a bit more ui customization options(  for donators )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> French and Polish l10n updates ( by community )</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 13.2:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add font selector ( classic font set by default )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> fixes for warden &amp; sniper sprites</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> elf fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 13.1:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> fixed “last arrow” bug</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> balance tune</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 13:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added new class: Elf ( experimental, please report any issues )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added sprites for sniper and warden</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added Polish translation ( created by community )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> changed font subsystem</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 12.2
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> minor bug fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 12.1:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> arrows duplication bug fixed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> in-game settings issue fixed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> font size adjustment option</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 12
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> French l18n added (created by community 96% complete )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> change bow interaction</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add more bow types</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add more arrow types</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> some potions now have additional properties</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> various bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 11.4
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> adjust bow spawn probability</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 11.3
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add bow &amp; arrows</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add in-game donation button</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 10.8
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bug fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 10.7
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> fixed bug: save with Mirror Images do not loaded properly ( great thanks for someone with Philips_W6500_A for providing detailed issues description )</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 10.6
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> seed effects more balanced now</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ui improved</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> even more bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix 10.3
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> more bug fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.10.2
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bug fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.10.1
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> some graphics issues fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.10
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added win counter</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> berserk in fury have a bit different appearance  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Seeds can burn</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hero can eat seeds</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> bugs fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.09.2
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> quickslots fixed ( we believe completely this time )</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> gold collection sound restored</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> some bugs fixed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> new permissions for new updates</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.09.1
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> fixed crash when enter settings</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> fixed some quickslots issues</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.09
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> landscape mode improved</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added second quickslot</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added third quickslot ( landscape mode only )</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.08
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added unique Artifact</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> added new Badge</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Shadow buffed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> path-finding improved</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.07.1-hotfix
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug: some mobs does not enter sleep state properly</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.07
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New mob added</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> More texts for Codex</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed bug: use stylus on blank scroll when backpack is full lead to scroll disappear</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.06
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Toxic gas and Fire can interact with more items</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New kinds of «food»</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.04.1
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Display warning if not enough space for save-game</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixes in English and Russian localizations</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.04 - hotfix
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed error: hangup when player enters level with shop</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.03
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Added mimic from  pd 1.7.5</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Someone new lives in Demon Halls now</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New item added</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Arcane Stylus now have new power</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> stylistic and grammatical fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
remix.01
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add in-game language selector</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Russian localization fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
rus.20
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add item from pd 1.7.5</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> add new item</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> English localization stylistic fixes</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
rus.19
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Russian translation improved</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
rus.17
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed rare crash on exotic OpenGL ES implementations</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Russian translation improved</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
rus.16
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Russian translation stylistic</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed description of the water in demon halls</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed a rare problem with saving game</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed very rare crash when creature being under amok wanted to go, but he was nowhere to go.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
rus.15
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed description of the water in demon halls</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed a rare problem with saving game</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed very rare crash when creature being under amok wanted to go, but he was nowhere to go.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
rus.14
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fixed grammar in Russian localization</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Magic sheep gender fixed</div>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="tags"><span>
	<a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=tag:rpd&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=rpd" class="wikilink1" title="tag:rpd" rel="tag">rpd</a>
</span></div>

</div>
