
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="chaos_sword">Chaos Sword</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Earned by fusing a <a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:chaos_crystal" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:chaos_crystal" data-wiki-id="rpd:chaos_crystal">Chaos Crystal</a> with at least 50 charges and a melee weapon.
</p>

<p>
The sword will be unidentified and always require 14 strength to successfully wield. Upon attacking enemies a few times, the sword will be identified as enchanted by a random enchantment. This sword can then be repeatedly upgraded, boosting the enchantment every tier (+1,+2 etc.) as well as further reducing the requirement to wield, increasing the efficiency.
</p>

<p>
It is recommended that if there is a specific enchantment desired, save the game and then monster hunt until the desired enchantment is reached. Also note that infusing any cursed melee weapon will remove the curse and generate an entirely new weapon whilst consuming the old one, so no need to worry about cursed chaos weapons.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Chaos Sword&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;chaos_sword&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-803&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="description">Description</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The blade of this sword is made of pure chaos and it mildly vibrates sometimes. Great powers, stored inside this weapon can cut in half almost anything. Although, great skills are needed, to cope the mighty force of the weapon.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Description&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;description&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;804-1054&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="stats">Stats</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Damage:</strong> Varies based on enchantment</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Durability:</strong> Normal</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Strength Required:</strong> High</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Stats&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;stats&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1055-1174&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="special_properties">Special Properties</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A chaotic weapon with unpredictable but powerful effects</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Requires high skill to wield effectively due to its chaotic nature</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Can be created by fusing a Chaos Crystal with a regular weapon</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Special Properties&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;special_properties&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1175-1403&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="notes">Notes</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Chaos Sword is one of the most powerful weapons in the game, created by fusing a Chaos Crystal with another weapon. The chaotic energy within makes it extremely effective but difficult to control.
</p>
<div class="tags"><span>
	<a href="https://www.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:items" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:items" rel="tag">items</a>
</span></div>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Notes&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;notes&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1404-&quot;} -->