
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="amulet_of_yendor_-_code_references">Amulet of Yendor - Code References</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Amulet of Yendor - Code References&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;amulet_of_yendor_-_code_references&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-50&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="java_classes">Java Classes</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon/blob/master/RemixedDungeon/src/main/java/com/watabou/pixeldungeon/items/Amulet.java" class="urlextern" title="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon/blob/master/RemixedDungeon/src/main/java/com/watabou/pixeldungeon/items/Amulet.java">Amulet.java</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Java Classes&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;java_classes&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;51-221&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="json_configuration">JSON Configuration</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
This entity is implemented in Java, no JSON configuration exists
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;JSON Configuration&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;json_configuration&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;222-318&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="string_resources">String Resources</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<code>&lt;code xml&gt;</code>
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Name”&gt;Amulet of Yendor&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Info”&gt;The Amulet of Yendor is the most coveted artifact in the dungeon. It is said that the amulet alone holds the power to rule the dungeon - or to destroy it.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Aliases”&gt;Amulet, Yendor&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Desc”&gt;The Amulet of Yendor is the most coveted artifact in the dungeon. It is said that the amulet alone holds the power to rule the dungeon - or to destroy it.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Win”&gt;You finally hold it in your hands, the Amulet of Yendor. Using its power you can finally destroy the dungeon or rule it. Either way, your path to victory is now clear.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Win2”&gt;You finally hold it in your hands, the Amulet of Yendor. Using its power you can finally destroy the dungeon or rule it. Either way, your path to victory is now clear.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Win3”&gt;You finally hold it in your hands, the Amulet of Yendor. Using its power you can finally destroy the dungeon or rule it. Either way, your path to victory is now clear.&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;string name=“Amulet_Win4”&gt;You finally hold it in your hands, the Amulet of Yendor. Using its power you can finally destroy the dungeon or rule it. Either way, your path to victory is now clear.&lt;/string&gt;
<code>&lt;/code&gt;</code>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;String Resources&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;string_resources&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;319-1679&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="lua_scripts">Lua Scripts</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
This entity is implemented in Java, no Lua script exists
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Lua Scripts&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;lua_scripts&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1680-&quot;} -->