
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="frequently_asked_questions">Frequently asked questions</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<strong>Q. How to change game language?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. The game language is chosen depending on the language of your device. You can always change the language from the main menu, by clicking on the cogs in the top left corner of the screen. As an alternative, you can always change your main device language from (Settings- Language and Keyboard).
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. Why the hero always gets hungry?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Hunger is an essential part of the gameplay, to prevent the game from becoming boring and grind-based. Moreover, you do not need to feed the hero as soon as he asks you, especially if he has some hp. Also, some classes benefit from eating food.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. How does one increase strength?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Strength can be increased by using Potions of Strength. Also, try throwing them into a well of transmutation. You can get even more use from them that way.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. How to get past the Ice Guardian?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. You need to go back to the 14th level of the caves and find the second staircase that will lead you to the next location. Sub-levels do not have a separate exit at the current time, so you will have to do some backtracking
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. Why my hero stays in place, while enemies move on their own?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Most likely, you have enabled the experimental Realtime! option from (Settings- Gameplay). You can always disable it by going back to the main menu and uncheck this option.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. How to obtain the Necromancy mastery?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. To unlock the Lich subclass, you must defeat the Lich boss while playing as the Necromancer. You can find the boss in the Necropolis sub-location.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. How to persuade the town Priest to patch up a Gnoll-Brute?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On levels 11-14, you can find the Gnoll-Brute enemy.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Bend his will, such as by using a Scroll of Domination, Sacrificial Sword, or Black Skull</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Make him take damage, other monsters will surely do the trick</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Return to town and ask the town Priest to heal your allies</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Q. How do blessings from the Bishop work?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lesser Bless - grants a combined effect of +1 accuracy ring and +1 evasion ring</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Great Bless - grants a combined effect of +3 accuracy ring and +3 evasion ring</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Q. Why I no longer have a blue colored highlight, after using a scroll of magic mapping?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. The cells that were originally explored and visited did not differ in illumination. Starting in alpha versions of 26.5, we first tried using bluish backlighting. But after collecting feedback from the players, now the visited cells are highlighted in a slightly brighter tone, compared to the regular one for explored cells.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. Will we ever have multiplayer?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. The idea is quite ambitious and hard to implement, considering that Remixed Dungeon is a turn-based roguelike and the phase of the game is built around singleplayer gameplay. Maybe, we can utilize RealTime mode to make that work, but that is something that we do not promise in the nearest future. Besides, there are many nuances that must be taken into consideration, which might work quite differently when moved into multiplayer. For example, how are you going to check your inventory, without getting massacred by a wandering sewer crab?
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. How to connect to the Google Play Games service?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. You need to click on the pixelated Google Play Games button, which can be found in the top left corner of the main screen. If you do not see the icon, please ensure that you have a stable internet connection and the latest version of Google Play Games is installed on your device.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. Can you please translate mods into other languages?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Unfortunately, that is something we do not plan on doing. Mods are made by independent developers and if you wish to contribute, you can contact them directly or integrate them yourself by using or translation examples which can be found here- <a href="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon" class="urlextern" title="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon">https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon</a>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. Why are you monetizing an open-source game?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Pixel Dungeon was released under the GPLv3 license, which permits distribution of modifications and or any form of monetization, as long as the modified source is available for legitimate users, which is granted <a href="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon" class="urlextern" title="https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon">https://github.com/NYRDS/remixed-dungeon</a>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. I have suggestions for the game, where can I post them?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Please make sure to leave your suggestion in our official Discord server- <a href="https://discord.gg/Ce6zvwxAvr" class="urlextern" title="https://discord.gg/Ce6zvwxAvr">https://discord.gg/Ce6zvwxAvr</a>. We will gladly take them into consideration and make things in our own way, of course.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. How do you start making mods?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. You can find more detailed information here.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. What is Immersive mode?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Immersive mode is a feature of Android 4.4+, which hides some UI elements when enabled. Such as notifications and the navigation bar.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. Are you working on other projects at the moment?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. No, at the current time Remixed Dungeon is the main project we work on.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Q. Which programs do you use for development?</strong>
</p>

<p>
A. Android Studio, GIMP, Aseprite, <a href="https://wiki.nyrds.net/doku.php?id=rpd:tiled" class="wikilink1" title="rpd:tiled" data-wiki-id="rpd:tiled">Tiled</a>
</p>

</div>
